on the streets of Richmond they fought
to get by struggled to get out and if
they had anything left they brought her
to the court prison are you some
preacher man cuz God ain't gonna do you
no goodness neighborhood leave the gym
you scared of nobody
cuz I'll lay you out I don't think so
teachers they supposed to touch students
I'm not a teacher I'm the new basketball
coach now they have a choice in Richmond
you're 80% more likely to go to prison
in college this contract states that you
will maintain a two point three grade
point average and you will wear ties on
game day between surviving along these
boys a student athletes student comes
first and standing together
incredible gift up here do you realize
what an opportunity that is for you to
get it you gotta do is have the drink
big white cream right there
my wife Beyonce g-strings on sa dream
not hallucinate gentlemen we have six
players failing at least one class we
have failed each other and forced them
to meet you in the library first Carter
has taken the lockout to the next level
by canceling last night's game making it
their first loss of the season coach
things like to play college ball I'm
gonna do that and raise a baby what are
you saying you want help you can get
through this Paramount Pictures and MTV
Films presented
once their triumphs we all triumph right
well we're gonna finish what you started
sir samuel l.jackson rob brown Ashanti
I came to coach basketball players and
you became students I came to teach boys
and you became
[Applause]
you